Add http status processor doc (#687)
observIQ/bindplane-op: docs/www/integrations/processors/filter_http_status.md

---
title: Filter HTTP Status
category: 636c08e1212e49001e7a3032
parentDoc: 636c0a0cddea2a005d14423a
slug: filter-severity
hidden: false
---

##  HTTP Status Filter Processor

> filter out logs that contain a status code between a min and max

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter out logs containing a status code between a min and max.
```

---
title: Filter HTTP Status
category: 636c08e1212e49001e7a3032
parentDoc: 636c0a0cddea2a005d14423a

> slug: filter-severity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slug: filter-http-status
```

Author: updated.

hidden: false
---

##  HTTP Status Filter Processor

> The Severity Filter processor can be used to filter out logs that do not meet a given severity threshold.

Reviewer 2: this is wrong copy?
